# Meetup-Azure-Microsoft-365-Community-Microsoft-Defender-for-Cloud

# 1.Plan for cloud workload protections using Microsoft Defender for Cloud
Defender for Cloud provides security alerts and advanced threat protection for virtual machines, SQL databases, containers, web applications, your network, and more.

# 2.Connect Azure assets to Microsoft Defender for Cloud
Resource protection in Microsoft Defender for Cloud can be automatically configured with autoprovisioning or may be manually deployed.

You're a Security Operations Analyst working at a company that is implementing cloud workload protection with Microsoft Defender for Cloud. Your job is to ensure Defender for Cloud automatically protects the Azure resources.

Your organization has a few Azure virtual machines that aren't part of the autoprovisioning scheme. You must manually configure protection for these Azure resources.

# 3. Connect non-Azure resources to Microsoft Defender for Cloud
Microsoft Defender for Cloud can protect hybrid workloads, including on-premise, Amazon Web Services (AWS), and Google Cloud Platform (GCP).

You're a Security Operations Analyst working at a company that is in the process of implementing cloud workload protection with Microsoft Defender for Cloud. You're responsible for protecting resources located on-premise, Amazon Web Services (AWS), and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). You decide to Azure Arc enable the servers to provide easier management of the non-Azure machines. Next, you protect the virtual machines with Defender for Cloud.

# 4. Manage your cloud security posture management
Microsoft Defender for Cloud continually compares the configuration of your resources with requirements in industry standards, regulations, and benchmarks.
# 5. Remediate security alerts using Microsoft Defender for Cloud
Microsoft Defender for Cloud provides a purpose-driven user interface to manage and investigate security incidents and alerts across protected resources. The alert includes actions to take to remediate the threat and steps to prevent future attacks.

You're a Security Operations Analyst working at a company that has deployed cloud workload protection with Defender for Cloud. You're responsible for remediating security alerts generated by Defender for Cloud detections.

You receive an alert regarding a container; the alert provides information to manually remediate the issue and what you can do in the future to prevent further attacks. You work with the infrastructure team to resolve the issue. The infrastructure team recommends creating automated remediation tasks for future alerts regarding the same problem. You create a Logic App to perform the actions for future alerts.